Config/error_2051_guide_in_readme (#24)
AppLovin/AppLovin-MAX-SDK-Android: README.md

| 204           | Indicates that no ads are currently eligible for your device. |
| -102          | Indicates that the ad request timed out (usually due to poor connectivity). |
| -103          | Indicates that the device is not connected to the internet (e.g. airplane mode). |

> | -2051         | Indicates that the device is not connected to a VPN or the VPN connection is not working properly (Chinese Users Only). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| -2051         | Indicates that the device is not connected to a VPN or the VPN connection is not working properly (Users in China Only). |
```
